Update UG Quick Start (#76)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-F13-3/tp: docs/UserGuide.md

1. Ensure you have Java `11` or above installed in your Computer.

<div markdown="block" class="alert alert-info">

**:information_source: JDK Installation Guide**

You can install the required JDK and JRE from the 
[Java SE Development Kit Downloads page](https://www.oracle.com/java/technologies/downloads/).

Here is a [website](https://docs.oracle.com/en/java/javase/17/install/overview-jdk-installation.html#GUID-8677A77F-231A-40F7-98B9-1FD0B48C346A)
to help you with the installation. Select the corresponding OS you are working on for a detailed guide.
</div>

2. Download the latest `TAB.jar` from [here](https://github.com/AY2122S1-CS2103T-F13-3/tp/releases).

3. Copy the file to the folder you want to use as the _home folder_ for your TAB.

> 4. Double-click the file to start the app. The GUI similar to the below should appear in a few seconds. Note how the app contains some sample data.<br>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. Double-click the file to start the app. The window similar to the one below should appear in a few seconds. Note how the app contains some sample data.<br>
```
